---
book_id: 0593290747
full_title: 'All About Me!: My Remarkable Life in Show Business'
title: All About Me!
subtitle: My Remarkable Life in Show Business
asin: 0593290747
link: https://www.audible.com/pd/All-About-Me-Audiobook/0593290747
author: Mel Brooks
narrator: Mel Brooks
cover_url: My%20Library%20Audible.com_files/41bFluDOPLL._SL500_.jpg
cover_filename: 0593290747.jpg
source: Audible
type: audiobook
format: Audiobook
topics:
- Film & TV
- Entertainment & Celebrities
authors:
- Mel Brooks
narrators:
- Mel Brooks
publisher: Random House Audio
date_published: '2021-11-30'
language:
- English
rating:
  rating: 4.78366388308977
  count: 3832
duration: 55260000
length: 55260000
location: New York
purchase_date: '2023-11-11'
theme: humor
origin:
  found: Audible
---
At 95, the legendary Mel Brooks continues to set the standard for comedy across television, film, and the stage. Now, for the first time, this EGOT (Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, Tony) winner shares his story in his own words.
“Laugh-out-loud hilarious and always fascinating, from the great Mel Brooks. What else do you expect from the man who knew Jesus and dated Joan of Arc?” (Billy Crystal)
For anyone who loves American comedy, the long wait is over. Here are the never-before-told, behind-the-scenes anecdotes and remembrances from a master storyteller, filmmaker, and creator of all things funny.
All About Me! charts Mel Brooks’ meteoric rise from a Depression-era kid in Brooklyn to the recipient of the National Medal of Arts. Whether serving in the United States Army in World War II, or during his burgeoning career as a teenage comedian in the Catskills, Mel was always mining his experiences for material, always looking for the perfect joke. His iconic career began with Sid Caesar’s Your Show of Shows, where he was part of the greatest writers’ room in history, which included Carl Reiner, Neil Simon, and Larry Gelbart. After co-creating both the mega-hit 2000 Year Old Man comedy albums and the classic television series Get Smart, Brooks’ stellar film career took off. He would go on to write, direct, and star in The Producers, The Twelve Chairs, Blazing Saddles, Young Frankenstein, Silent Movie, High Anxiety, and Spaceballs, as well as produce groundbreaking and eclectic films including The Elephant Man, The Fly, and My Favorite Year. Brooks then went on to conquer Broadway with his record-breaking, Tony-winning musical, The Producers.
All About Me! offers fans insight into the inspiration behind the ideas for his outstanding collection of boundary-breaking work, and offers details about the many close friendships and collaborations Brooks had, including those with Sid Caesar, Carl Reiner, Gene Wilder, Madeleine Kahn, Alfred Hitchcock, and the great love of his life, Anne Bancroft.
Filled with tales of struggle, achievement, and camaraderie, listeners will gain a more personal and deeper understanding of the incredible body of work behind one of the most accomplished and beloved entertainers in history.
