---
book_id: '1644650649'
full_title: "Think like a Stoic: Ancient Wisdom for Today\u2019s World"
title: Think like a Stoic
subtitle: "Ancient Wisdom for Today\u2019s World"
asin: '1644650649'
length: '40257000'
owned: 'true'
format: Lecture
listening:
  duration: 41578.0
  first_time: '2021-12-15'
  last_time: '2022-01-08'
link: https://www.audible.com/pd/1644650649
source: Audible
topics:
- Ethics & Morality
- Greek & Roman
- Philosophy
authors:
- Massimo Pigliucci
narrators:
- Professor Massimo Pigliucci
publisher: The Great Courses
date_published: '2021-03-26'
language:
- English
rating:
  rating: 4.690553745928339
  count: 614
cover_filename: 1644650649.jpg
purchase_date: '2021-12-15'
listening_date: '2021-12-15'
theme: philosophy
duration: PT11H10M
type: audiobook
status: listened to
read_status: listened to
recommendation_status: null
---
Distilled to its essence, the ancient Greco-Roman philosophy known as Stoicism is a philosophy of personal betterment. Professor Pigliucci, who knows firsthand just how transformative a Stoic approach to life can be, has designed these 25 lessons as an enlightening introduction to the basics of Stoic philosophy and ways to incorporate its lessons into your own life.
For example, the Stoic understanding of ethics was far broader than the study of right and wrong, encompassing questions concerning one’s goals and one’s relationship to other people. Also, the Stoics felt that logic was another requirement of a well-lived life, because good thinking helps protect us from living according to nonsensical notions.
Throughout the course, you’ll investigate what these great philosophers’ words and deeds can teach us about living life in the 21st century. What does Seneca tell us about managing our time in the best way possible? Why did Epictetus suggest to debate patiently with disagreeable people? Can Marcus Aurelius’ philosophy of being mindful of the labels we give ourselves help make the world a better place?
This course includes plenty of exercises you can use to retrain your mind to take on a more Stoic view of your life and the world around you. Yes, you’ll come away with an incredible wealth of knowledge about the history and principles of one of the most enduring philosophies of life - but you’ll also be on your way to a more meaningful life for yourself.
PLEASE NOTE: When you purchase this title, the accompanying PDF will be available in your Audible Library along with the audio.
