---
book_id: '1984891626'
full_title: 'The Map of Knowledge: A Thousand-Year History of How Classical Ideas
  Were Lost and Found'
title: The Map of Knowledge
subtitle: A Thousand-Year History of How Classical Ideas Were Lost and Found
link: https://www.audible.com/pd/The-Map-of-Knowledge-Audiobook/1984891626
author: Violet Moller
narrator: Susan Duerden
cover_url: My%20Library%20Audible.com_files/61-InT5dhNL._SL500_.jpg
cover_filename: 1984891626.jpg
source: Audible
book_type: audiobook
asin: '1984891626'
format: Audiobook
topics:
- Ancient
- Medieval
- World
- History
authors:
- Violet Moller
narrators:
- Susan Duerden
publisher: Random House Audio
date_published: '2019-05-14'
language:
- English
rating:
  rating: 4.461538461538462
  count: 91
duration: 32040000
type: audiobook
theme: history
length: 32040000
purchase_date: '2023-08-07'
origin:
  found: Audible
---
“The Map of Knowledge is an endlessly fascinating book, rich in detail, capacious and humane in vision.” (Stephen Greenblatt, author of The Swerve: How the World Became Modern, winner of the Pulitzer Prize)
After the Fall of Rome, when many of the great ideas of the ancient world were lost to the ravages of the Dark Ages, three crucial manuscripts passed hand to hand through seven Mediterranean cities and survived to fuel the revival of the Renaissance - an exciting debut history.
The foundations of modern knowledge - philosophy, math, astronomy, geography - were laid by the Greeks, whose ideas were written on scrolls and stored in libraries across the Mediterranean and beyond. But as the vast Roman Empire disintegrated, so did appreciation of these precious texts. Christianity cast a shadow over so-called pagan thought, books were burned, and the library of Alexandria, the greatest repository of classical knowledge, was destroyed.
Yet some texts did survive and The Map of Knowledge explores the role played by seven cities around the Mediterranean - rare centers of knowledge in a dark world, where scholars supported by enlightened heads of state collected, translated, and shared manuscripts. In 8th century Baghdad, Arab discoveries augmented Greek learning. Exchange within the thriving Muslim world brought that knowledge to Cordoba, Spain. Toledo became a famous center of translation from Arabic into Latin, a portal through which Greek and Arab ideas reached Western Europe. Salerno, on the Italian coast, was the great center of medical studies, and Sicily, ancient colony of the Greeks, was one of the few places in the West to retain contact with Greek culture and language. Scholars in these cities helped classical ideas make their way to Venice in the 15th century, where printers thrived and the Renaissance took root.
The Map of Knowledge follows three key texts - Euclid's Elements, Ptolemy's The Almagest, and Galen's writings on medicine - on a perilous journey driven by insatiable curiosity about the world.
“A lovely debut from a gifted young author. Violet Moller brings to life the ways in which knowledge reached us from antiquity to the present day in a book that is as delightful as it is readable.” (Peter Frankopan, author of The Silk Roads)
“A sumptuous, glittering, endlessly fascinating book, written with passion, verve, and humor.” (Catherine Nixey, author of The Darkening Age)
