---
book_id: '9780684835334'
full_title: 'Great Books: My Adventures with Homer, Rousseau, Woolf, and Other Indestructible
  Writers of the Western World'
title: 'Great Books: My Adventures with Homer, Rousseau, Woolf, and Other Indestructible
  Writers of the Western World'
subtitle: null
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780684835334'
language:
- English
topics:
- 'Literary Studies: General'
- Reference Works
authors:
- Denby
publisher: Simon  Schuster
length: 492 pages
date_published: '1997-09-25'
format: Paperback
cover_filename: 9780684835334.jpg
order: null
theme: reading
---
As September rolls around, do you find yourself longing to go back to school despite the fact that you graduated years ago? Would you remember how to read critically? Could you hold your own alongside today's college students? Would you find the Western literary classics culturally relevant and applicable to your life?  At the age of 48, David Denby, film critic for New York magazine and contributing editor of The New Yorker, enrolled in Columbia University to rediscover the masterpieces of the Western tradition. He chronicles his journey in the New York Times bestseller Great Books: My Adventures with Homer, Rousseau, Woolf, and Other Indestructible Writers of the Western World.
What brought Denby back to his alma mater was not a sense of nostalgia, but the current academic debate surrounding Western literature. This culture war centers on the left's denunciation of "dead white European males" as oppressive and exclusionary and the right's reverence of the Western canon as the foundation of traditional values and patriotism. Like many of the extremists engaged in the debate, Denby found his memories of these works faded and forgotten. "I possessed information without knowledge, opinions without principles, instincts without beliefs.... And I wanted to add my words to the debate from the ground up, beginning and ending in literature, never leaving the books themselves."
Thus Denby returns to Columbia for the two "great books" courses: Literature Humanities and Contem...
