---
book_id: '9780786967223'
full_title: Candlekeep Mysteries (D&D Adventure Book - Dungeons & Dragons)
title: Candlekeep Mysteries (D&D Adventure Book - Dungeons & Dragons)
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780786967223'
language:
- English
topics:
- Games
- Role Playing & Fantasy
- Fiction
authors:
- Wizards RPG Team
publisher: Wizards of the Coast
length: ' pages'
date_published: '2021-03-16'
format: Hardcover
purchase_date: '2023-10-09'
type: book
cover_filename: 9780786967223.jpg
order: null
read_status: null
recommendation_status: null
theme: role-playing games
location: New York
---
An anthology of seventeen mystery-themed adventures for the world’s greatest roleplaying game.
Candlekeep attracts scholars like a flame attracts moths. Historians, sages, and others who crave knowledge flock to this library fortress to peruse its vast collection of books, scribbled into which are the answers to the mysteries that bedevil them. Many of these books contain their own mysteries ̶—each one a doorway to adventure. Dare you cross that threshold?
· 17 mystery-themed D&D adventures, each tied to a book discovered in the famed library fortress of Candlekeep
· Easy to run as stand-alone mini adventures or to drop into your home campaign
· Adventures span play from levels 1 to 16
· Includes a full poster map of Candlekeep, plus detailed descriptions of the various locations, characters, and creatures that reside within it
· Introduces a variety of Dungeons & Dragons monsters, items, and non-player characters (NPCs)
Candlekeep Mysteries is a collection of seventeen short, stand-alone D&D adventures designed for characters of levels 1–16. Each adventure begins with the discovery of a book, and each book is the key to a door behind which danger and glory await. These adventures can be run as one-shot games, plugged into an existing Forgotten Realms campaign, or adapted for other campaign settings. This book also includes a poster map of the library fortress and detailed descriptions of Candlekeep and its inhabitants.
