---
book_id: '9780124058880'
full_title: 'Doing Bayesian Data Analysis: A Tutorial with R, Jags, and Stan'
title: Doing Bayesian Data Analysis
subtitle: A Tutorial with R, Jags, and Stan
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780124058880'
language:
- English
topics:
- Applied Mathematics
authors:
- Kruschke John
publisher: Academic Press
length: 776 pages
date_published: '2015-07-08'
format: Hardcover
type: book
cover_filename: 9780124058880.jpg
order:
  currency: USD
  location: New York
  order_date: '2015-11-19T15:06:42Z'
  order_id: 108-3351765-1424204
  product_condition: New
  product_name: 'Doing Bayesian Data Analysis, Second Edition: A Tutorial with R,
    JAGS, and Stan'
  quantity: '1'
  ship_date: '2015-11-20T18:09:45Z'
  unit_price: '64.32'
purchase_date: '2015-11-20'
location: New York
read_status:
  dislike: true
  start: true
theme: math
recommendation_status: null
---
There is an explosion of interest in Bayesian statistics, primarily because recently created computational methods have finally made Bayesian analysis obtainable to a wide audience. "Doing Bayesian Data Analysis: A Tutorial with R, JAGS, and Stan" provides an accessible approach to Bayesian data analysis, as material is explained clearly with concrete examples. The book begins with the basics, including essential concepts of probability and random sampling, and gradually progresses to advanced hierarchical modeling methods for realistic data.Included are step-by-step instructions on how to conduct Bayesian data analyses in the popular and free software R and WinBugs. This book is intended for first-year graduate students or advanced undergraduates. It provides a bridge between undergraduate training and modern Bayesian methods for data analysis, which is becoming the accepted research standard. Knowledge of algebra and basic calculus is a prerequisite.
New to this Edition (partial list): There are all new programs in JAGS and Stan. The new programs are designed to be much easier to use than the scripts in the first edition. In particular, there are now compact high-level scripts that make it easy to run the programs on your own data sets. This new programming was a major undertaking by itself.The introductory Chapter 2, regarding the basic ideas of how Bayesian inference re-allocates credibility across possibilities, is completely rewritten and greatly expanded.There are ...
