---
book_id: '9780596516178'
full_title: The Ruby Programming Language
title: The Ruby Programming Language
subtitle: null
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780596516178'
language:
- English
topics:
- 'Programming & Scripting Languages: General'
- Software Engineering
authors:
- David Flanagan
- Yukihiro Matsumoto
publisher: O'Reilly Media
length: 429 pages
date_published: '2008-02-01'
format: Paperback
cover_filename: 9780596516178.jpg
order:
  order_id: 102-1059784-6721809
  product_name: The Ruby Programming Language
  quantity: '1'
  order_date: '2009-02-22T23:37:55Z'
  ship_date: '2009-02-24T01:19:30Z'
  currency: USD
  unit_price: '26.39'
  product_condition: New
  location: New York
purchase_date: '2009-02-24'
location: New York
theme: software
---
The Ruby Programming Language is the authoritative guide to Ruby and provides comprehensive coverage of versions 1.8 and 1.9 of the language. It was written (and illustrated!) by an all-star team:
David Flanagan, bestselling author of programming language "bibles" (including JavaScript: The Definitive Guide and Java in a Nutshell) and committer to the Ruby Subversion repository.
Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto, creator, designer and lead developer of Ruby and author of Ruby in a Nutshell, which has been expanded and revised to become this book.
why the lucky stiff, artist and Ruby programmer extraordinaire. This book begins with a quick-start tutorial to the language, and then explains the language in detail from the bottom up: from lexical and syntactic structure to datatypes to expressions and statements and on through methods, blocks, lambdas, closures, classes and modules.
The book also includes a long and thorough introduction to the rich API of the Ruby platform, demonstrating -- with heavily-commented example code -- Ruby's facilities for text processing, numeric manipulation, collections, input/output, networking, and concurrency. An entire chapter is devoted to Ruby's metaprogramming capabilities.
The Ruby Programming Language documents the Ruby language definitively but without the formality of a language specification. It is written for experienced programmers who are new to Ruby, and for current Ruby programmers who want to challenge their understanding and i...
