---
book_id: '9780674057579'
full_title: Field Notes on Science & Nature
title: Field Notes on Science & Nature
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780674057579'
language:
- English
topics:
- Natural History
authors:
- Edward O. Wilson
- George B. Schaller
- Bernd Heinrich
- Bernd Kaufman
publisher: Harvard University Press
length: 297 pages
date_published: '2011-05-30'
format: Hardcover
purchase_date: '2023-11-16'
type: book
cover_filename: 9780674057579.jpg
theme: writing
location: New York
---
Pioneering a new niche in the study of plants and animals in their native habitat, Field Notes on Science and Nature allows readers to peer over the shoulders and into the notebooks of a dozen eminent field workers, to study firsthand their observational methods, materials, and fleeting impressions.
What did George Schaller note when studying the lions of the Serengeti? What lists did Kenn Kaufman keep during his 1973 “big year”? How does Piotr Naskrecki use relational databases and electronic field notes? In what way is Bernd Heinrich’s approach “truly Thoreauvian,” in E.O. Wilson’s view? Recording observations in the field is an indispensable scientific skill, but researchers are not generally willing to share their personal records with others. Here, for the first time, are reproductions of actual pages from notebooks. And in essays abounding with fascinating anecdotes, the authors reflect on the contexts in which the notes were taken.
Covering disciplines as diverse as ornithology, entomology, ecology, paleontology, anthropology, botany, and animal behavior, Field Notes offers specific examples that professional naturalists can emulate to fine-tune their own field methods, along with practical advice that amateur naturalists and students can use to document their adventures.
