---
book_id: '9780670020478'
full_title: 'The Element: How Finding Your Passion Changes Everything'
title: The Element
subtitle: How Finding Your Passion Changes Everything
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780670020478'
language:
- English
topics:
- Personal Growth
- Inspiration & Motivation
- Motivational & Inspirational
authors:
- Sir PhD Ken Robinson
publisher: Viking
length: 274 pages
date_published: '2009-01-08'
format: Hardcover
type: book
cover_filename: 9780670020478.jpg
order:
  currency: GBP
  location: Paris
  order_date: '2005-03-23T22:10:12Z'
  order_id: 202-1990253-4492622
  product_condition: New
  product_name: The Elements of Style
  quantity: '1'
  ship_date: '2005-03-24T13:53:37Z'
  unit_price: '4.74'
purchase_date: '2005-03-24'
location: Paris
read_status: did not finish
theme: personal growth
---
From one of the world's leading thinkers and speakers on creativity and self-fulfillment, a breakthrough book about talent, passion, and achievement
The element is the point at which natural talent meets personal passion. When people arrive at the element, they feel most themselves and most inspired and achieve at their highest levels. The Element draws on the stories of a wide range of people, from ex-Beatle Paul McCartney to Matt Groening, creator of The Simpsons; from Meg Ryan to Gillian Lynne, who choreographed the Broadway productions of Cats and The Phantom of the Opera; and from writer Arianna Huffington to renowned physicist Richard Feynman and others, including business leaders and athletes. It explores the components of this new paradigm: The diversity of intelligence, the power of imagination and creativity, and the importance of commitment to our own capabilities.
With a wry sense of humor, Ken Robinson looks at the conditions that enable us to find ourselves in the element and those that stifle that possibility. He shows that age and occupation are no barrier, and that once we have found our path we can help others to do so as well. The Element shows the vital need to enhance creativity and innovation by thinking differently about human resources and imagination. It is also an essential strategy for transforming education, business, and communities to meet the challenges of living and succeeding in the twenty-first century.
