---
book_id: '9780786965625'
full_title: Dungeons & Dragons Dungeon Master's Guide (Core Rulebook, D&D Roleplaying
  Game)
title: Dungeons & Dragons Dungeon Master's Guide (Core Rulebook, D&D Roleplaying Game)
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780786965625'
language:
- English
topics:
- Games
- Role Playing & Fantasy
- Reference
authors:
- Wizards RPG Team
publisher: Wizards of the Coast
length: 320 pages
date_published: '2014-12-09'
format: Hardcover
cover_filename: 9780786965625.jpg
order: null
theme: role-playing games
type: book
read_status: consulted
recommendation_status: null
---
Weave legendary stories in the world’s greatest roleplaying game.
All you need to run a Dungeons & Dragons game is your imagination, some dice, and this book. The Dungeon Master’s Guide teaches you how to how to run D&D adventures for your players— how to invent monsters for them to fight, mysteries for them to solve, and fantasy worlds for them to explore.
“[The Dungeon Master’s Guide is] the one book to rule them all, the most comprehensive and powerful set of resources needed to run a game of D&D. . .”
—Charlie Hall, Polygon.com
“D&D acolytes are everywhere...Tech workers from Silicon Valley to Brooklyn have long-running campaigns, and the showrunners and the novelist behind ‘Game of Thrones’ have all been Dungeon Masters.”—Neima Jahromi, The New Yorker
• The Dungeon Master’s Guide is one of the three main Dungeons & Dragons books, along with the Player’s Handbook and Monster Manual. It’s a reference used by the Dungeon Master (the game’s narrator) to create adventures—to run Dungeons & Dragons games and fill them with characters and stories.
• The Dungeon Master’s Guide (DMG) is full of tools to help you immerse players in the game. What’s the demon lord’s secret weakness? Are the orcish invaders a criminal enterprise, or traitorous allies? Dozens of tables throughout the book help inspire your decisions and keep the game flowing smoothly.
• In the Dungeon Master’s Guide (DMG), even the tables tell tales. A legendary sword takes five decades to craft. Who ...
