---
book_id: '9780743200790'
full_title: 'Failure Is Not an Option: Mission Control from Mercury to Apollo 13 and
  Beyond'
title: Failure Is Not an Option
subtitle: Mission Control from Mercury to Apollo 13 and Beyond
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780743200790'
language:
- English
topics:
- 'Biography: Science'
- ' Technology & Engineering'
- History Of The Americas
- Astrophysics
authors:
- Gene Kranz
publisher: Simon & Schuster
length: 416 pages
date_published: '2000-04-12'
format: Hardcover
cover_filename: 9780743200790.jpg
order: null
theme: engineering
location: New York
signed: true
signature_details: Gene Krantz (author) with the inscription "Failure is not an option"
first_edition: true
first_edition_details: American
status: read
multiple_reads: true
recommend: true
type: book
---
Gene Kranz was present at the creation of America's manned space program and was a key player in it for three decades. As a flight director in NASA's Mission Control, Kranz witnessed firsthand the making of history. He participated in the space program from the early days of the Mercury program to the last Apollo mission, and beyond. He endured the disastrous first years when rockets blew up and the United States seemed to fall further behind the Soviet Union in the space race. He helped to launch Alan Shepard and John Glenn, then assumed the flight director's role in the Gemini program, which he guided to fruition. With his teammates, he accepted the challenge to carry out President John F. Kennedy's commitment to land a man on the Moon before the end of the 1960s. Kranz was flight director for both Apollo 11, the mission in which Neil Armstrong fulfilled President Kennedy's pledge, and Apollo 13. He headed the Tiger Team that had to figure out how to bring the three Apollo 13 astronauts safely back to Earth. (In the film "Apollo 13, " Kranz was played by the actor Ed Harris, who earned an Academy Award nomination for his performance.)
In "Failure Is Not an Option, " Gene Kranz recounts these thrilling historic events and offers new information about the famous flights. What appeared as nearly flawless missions to the Moon were, in fact, a series of hair-raising near misses. When the space technology failed, as it sometimes did, the controllers' only recourse was to rely...
