---
book_id: '9780978739232'
full_title: 'TextMate: Power Editing for the Mac'
title: TextMate
subtitle: Power Editing for the Mac
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780978739232'
language:
- English
topics:
- Mac OS.
authors:
- James Edward Gray
publisher: Pragmatic Bookshelf
length: 200 pages
date_published: '2007-01-01'
format: Paperback
type: book
cover_filename: 9780978739232.jpg
order:
  currency: USD
  location: New York
  order_date: '2008-09-05T20:57:19Z'
  order_id: 103-5402139-9667405
  product_condition: New
  product_name: 'TextMate: Power Editing for the Mac (Pragmatic Programmers) [Illustrated]'
  quantity: '1'
  ship_date: '2008-09-08T15:39:16Z'
  unit_price: '19.77'
purchase_date: '2008-09-08'
location: New York
read_status: consulted
theme: software
---
TextMate is a powerful tool for programmers, web designers, and anyone else who regularly needs to work with text files on Mac OS X. TextMate focuses on pragmatic automation, which means it will save you time time that's always in short supply. See how your lowly text editor can become a hard working member of your staff. TextMate is a full-featured text editor available for Mac OS X that can greatly enhance your text manipulation skills. TextMate is actually a thin shell over a personalized team of robot ninjas ready to do your bidding. Let's face it, who doesn't want their very own team of robot ninjas? With TextMate you can do your normal work, but signal the ever-watchful ninjas as you go. At your command, they will launch into action, slicing through text, building repetitive structures of data in the blink of an eye, and much more. They will even post to your blog, handle your IRC conversations, and read your email. Inside this book you will learn how to teleport instantly to the exact line of the file you need to be on, edit the data with the briefest incantations of power, and banish the end result to the land of your choosing. It's magic, as you can plainly see. Leave the days of dull work behind. Learn your spells, gain access to your team of robot ninjas, and you too will be able to edit text so effortlessly that everyone watching over your shoulder will be forced to ask, "Wait, how did you do that?"
