---
book_id: '9780345472328'
full_title: 'Mindset: The New Psychology of Success'
title: Mindset
subtitle: The New Psychology of Success
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780345472328'
language:
- English
topics:
- Business
- Social Psychology
- Psychology
authors:
- Carol S. Dweck
publisher: Ballantine Books
length: 320 pages
date_published: '2007-12-26'
format: Paperback
type: book
cover_filename: 9780345472328.jpg
order:
  currency: USD
  location: New York
  order_date: '2015-01-12T00:09:09Z'
  order_id: 114-5672648-5662637
  product_condition: New
  product_name: 'Mindset: The New Psychology of Success'
  quantity: '1'
  ship_date: '2015-01-12T07:07:55Z'
  unit_price: '9.5'
purchase_date: '2015-01-12'
location: New York
multiple_reads: true
read_status:
  finish: true
  like: true
  recommend: true
  start: true
recommendation_status: true
theme: psychology
---
The updated edition of the book that has changed millions of lives with its insights into the growth mindset.
After decades of research, world-renowned Stanford University psychologist Carol S. Dweck, Ph.D., discovered a simple but groundbreaking idea: the power of mindset. In this brilliant book, she shows how success in school, work, sports, the arts, and almost every area of human endeavor can be dramatically influenced by how we think about our talents and abilities. People with a fixed mindset—those who believe that abilities are fixed—are less likely to flourish than those with a growth mindset—those who believe that abilities can be developed. Mindset reveals how great parents, teachers, managers, and athletes can put this idea to use to foster outstanding accomplishment.
In this edition, Dweck offers new insights into her now famous and broadly embraced concept. She introduces a phenomenon she calls false growth mindset and guides people toward adopting a deeper, truer growth mindset. She also expands the mindset concept beyond the individual, applying it to the cultures of groups and organizations. With the right mindset, you can motivate those you lead, teach, and love—to transform their lives and your own.
Praise for Mindset
“A good book is one whose advice you believe. A great book is one whose advice you follow. This is a book that can change your life, as its ideas have changed mine.”—Robert J. Sternberg, co-author of Teaching for Wisdom, Intelligence, Cr...
