---
book_id: '9780761149873'
full_title: 'Magic: The Complete Course in Becoming a Magician'
title: Magic
subtitle: The Complete Course in Becoming a Magician
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780761149873'
language:
- English
topics:
- Conjuring & Magic
authors:
- Joshua Jay
publisher: Workman Publishing Company
length: 288 pages
date_published: '2008-11-08'
format: Paperback
cover_filename: 9780761149873.jpg
order:
  order_id: 102-9247646-9961843
  product_name: 'Magic and Showmanship: A Handbook for Conjurers (Dover Magic Books)'
  quantity: '1'
  order_date: '2014-11-17T18:31:16Z'
  ship_date: '2014-11-18T09:42:52Z'
  currency: USD
  unit_price: '10.97'
  product_condition: New
  location: New York
purchase_date: '2014-11-18'
location: New York
theme: magic
---
"Finally, a book that brings the art of magic into the 21st century!"—Rick Merrill, 2006 World Champion of Magic "Every 10 or 20 years a book comes along that introduces a whole new generation to the art and craft of magic. This is it!"—Stan Allen, Editor-in-Chief of Magic Magazine The Book: A book of powerful secrets. How to master the art of direction. Perfect the Sid Lorraine force, essential to card tricks. Harness PATEO to read minds. Learn skills like the false transfer, palm switch, big-action-covers-the-small-action, and more. Above all, how to create an emotional hook so that, in the fleeting moment when an effect occurs, magic truly happens, revealing the world to be a place of boundless wonder. Dazzle your friends. Impress a date like never before. Confound your kids, or better yet, confound your parents. Magic shows you how to master over 100 effects that are simple to learn and guaranteed to astonish. The DVD: Included with Magic is an entertaining 132-minute DVD featuring 35 effects performed and taught in great detail, with particular emphasis on rhythm and action and the nuances of timing and direction. The author: Joshua Jay was crowned champion at the World Magic Seminar in 1998, when he was still a teenager. He's performed and lectured in over 50 countries, is a headliner at the Magic Castle in Hollywood, and writes a monthly column in MAGIC, the leading magazine for magicians. His website is www.joshuajay.com.
