---
book_id: '9780596005771'
full_title: 'Spidering Hacks: 100 Industrial-Strength Tips & Tools'
title: Spidering Hacks
subtitle: 100 Industrial-Strength Tips & Tools
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780596005771'
language:
- English
topics:
- Internet Guides & Online Services
- 'Programming & Scripting Languages: General'
- Databases
authors:
- Kevin Hemenway
- Tara Calishain
publisher: O'Reilly Media
length: 402 pages
date_published: '2003-10-01'
format: Paperback
cover_filename: 9780596005771.jpg
order:
  order_id: 026-0721963-2507650
  product_name: Spidering Hacks
  quantity: '1'
  order_date: '2003-12-05T13:31:38Z'
  ship_date: '2003-12-07T18:28:34Z'
  currency: GBP
  unit_price: '12.25'
  product_condition: New
  location: Paris
purchase_date: '2003-12-07'
location: Paris
theme: software
status: read
type: book
read_status: read
recommendation_status: null
---
The Internet, with its profusion of information, has made us hungry for ever more, ever better data. Out of necessity, many of us have become pretty adept with search engine queries, but there are times when even the most powerful search engines aren't enough. If you've ever wanted your data in a different form than it's presented, or wanted to collect data from several sites and see it side-by-side without the constraints of a browser, then Spidering Hacks is for you.
Spidering Hacks takes you to the next level in Internet data retrieval--beyond search engines--by showing you how to create spiders and bots to retrieve information from your favorite sites and data sources. You'll no longer feel constrained by the way host sites think you want to see their data presented--you'll learn how to scrape and repurpose raw data so you can view in a way that's meaningful to you.
Written for developers, researchers, technical assistants, librarians, and power users, Spidering Hacks provides expert tips on spidering and scraping methodologies. You'll begin with a crash course in spidering concepts, tools (Perl, LWP, out-of-the-box utilities), and ethics (how to know when you've gone too far: what's acceptable and unacceptable). Next, you'll collect media files and data from databases. Then you'll learn how to interpret and understand the data, repurpose it for use in other applications, and even build authorized interfaces to integrate the data into your own content. By the time yo...
