---
book_id: '9780316143479'
full_title: When You Are Engulfed in Flames
title: When You Are Engulfed in Flames
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780316143479'
language:
- English
topics:
- Literary Essays
- Humour
- Humour Collections & Anthologies
authors:
- David Sedaris
publisher: Little Brown and Company
length: 323 pages
date_published: '2008-06-03'
format: Hardcover
type: book
cover_filename: 9780316143479.jpg
order: null
read_status:
  plan: true
theme: essays
recommendation_status: null
location: New York
---
It's early autumn 1964. Two straight-A students head off to school, and when only one of them returns home Chesney Yelverton is coaxed from retirement and assigned to what proves to be the most difficult and deadly - case of his career. From the shining notorious East Side, When You Are Engulfed in Flames confirms once again that David Sedaris is a master of mystery and suspense.
Or how about...
when set on fire, most of us either fumble for our wallets or waste valuable time feeling sorry for ourselves. David Sedaris has studied this phenomenon, and his resulting insights may very well save your life. Author of the national bestsellers Should You Be Attacked By Snakes and If You Are Surrounded by Mean Ghosts, David Sedaris, with When You Are Engulfed in Flames, is clearly at the top of his game.
Oh, all right...
David Sedaris has written yet another book of essays (his sixth). Subjects include a parasitic worm that once lived in his mother-in-law's leg, an encounter with a dingo, and the recreational use of an external catheter. Also recounted is the buying of a human skeleton and the author's attempt to quit smoking In Tokyo.
Master of nothing, at the dead center of his game, Sedaris proves that when you play with matches, you sometimes light the whole pack on fire.
(front flap)
