---
book_id: '9780812968255'
full_title: 'Meditations: A New Translation'
title: Meditations
subtitle: A New Translation
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780812968255'
language:
- English
topics:
- Philosophy
- Ethics & Moral Philosophy
- Ancient & Classical
authors:
- Marcus Aurelius
publisher: Modern Library
length: 256 pages
date_published: '2003-05-06'
format: Paperback
cover_filename: 9780812968255.jpg
order:
  order_id: 111-8388622-5418645
  product_name: 'Meditations: A New Translation'
  quantity: '1'
  order_date: '2022-01-06T00:52:30Z'
  ship_date: '2022-01-07T05:32:34Z'
  currency: USD
  unit_price: '7.99'
  product_condition: New
  location: New York
purchase_date: '2022-01-07'
location: New York
theme: philosophy
type: book
read_status: have not started
recommendation_status: null
---
Nearly two thousand years after it was written, Meditations remains profoundly relevant for anyone seeking to lead a meaningful life.
Few ancient works have been as influential as the Meditations of Marcus Aurelius, philosopher and emperor of Rome (A.D. 161–180). A series of spiritual exercises filled with wisdom, practical guidance, and profound understanding of human behavior, it remains one of the greatest works of spiritual and ethical reflection ever written. Marcus’s insights and advice—on everything from living in the world to coping with adversity and interacting with others—have made the Meditations required reading for statesmen and philosophers alike, while generations of ordinary readers have responded to the straightforward intimacy of his style. For anyone who struggles to reconcile the demands of leadership with a concern for personal integrity and spiritual well-being, the Meditations remains as relevant now as it was two thousand years ago.
In Gregory Hays’s new translation—the first in thirty-five years—Marcus’s thoughts speak with a new immediacy. In fresh and unencumbered English, Hays vividly conveys the spareness and compression of the original Greek text. Never before have Marcus’s insights been so directly and powerfully presented.
With an Introduction that outlines Marcus’s life and career, the essentials of Stoic doctrine, the style and construction of the Meditations, and the work’s ongoing influence, this edition makes it possible to fully re...
