---
book_id: '9780486410876'
full_title: 'Magic and Showmanship: A Handbook for Conjurers'
title: Magic and Showmanship
subtitle: A Handbook for Conjurers
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780486410876'
language:
- English
topics:
- Conjuring & Magic
- Mind
- ' Body & Spirit'
authors:
- Henning Nelms
publisher: Dover Publications
length: 352 pages
date_published: '2000-04-13'
format: Paperback
type: book
cover_filename: 9780486410876.jpg
order:
  currency: USD
  location: New York
  order_date: '2014-11-17T18:31:16Z'
  order_id: 102-9247646-9961843
  product_condition: New
  product_name: 'Magic and Showmanship: A Handbook for Conjurers (Dover Magic Books)'
  quantity: '1'
  ship_date: '2014-11-18T09:42:52Z'
  unit_price: '10.97'
purchase_date: '2014-11-18'
location: New York
read_status:
  start: true
  like: true
  plan: true
theme: magic
recommendation_status: null
---
Like theatrical presentations, conjuring is an art of illusion. A magician skilled in the craft is able to convince an audience that he or she can read minds, communicate with the spirit world, make objects appear or disappear, and perform other acts of seemingly genuine magic. Without having mastered the art of presentation or “showmanship,” however, even the most competent sleight-of-hand artist can fall short in performance. With this in mind, noted authority Henning Nelms goes beyond the basics to show how techniques developed for the stage by playwrights, directors, and actors can heighten the dramatic effect of a magician’s performance.
In this instructive book, Helms analyzes every phase of conjuring — from sleights, devices, and illusions to misdirection, controlling the audience’s attention, incorporating “patter,” and the effective use of assistants. Of particular interest is a chapter on body language, posture, positioning and movement. Also included are some 60 original routines — from simple card tricks to such major illusions as having the performer suddenly appear at stage center.
Indispensable as an instruction manual for novices, this how-to guide — enhanced with nearly 200 of the author’s illustrations — will also serve as a lasting source of advice and inspiration for veteran conjurers.
