---
book_id: '9780241397459'
full_title: 'Greek Myths: Meet the Heroes and Heroines, Monsters and Gods of Ancient
  Greece'
title: Greek Myths
subtitle: Meet the Heroes and Heroines, Monsters and Gods of Ancient Greece
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780241397459'
language:
- English
topics:
- Traditional
- Mysteries & The Supernatural (Children's/YA)
authors:
- Jean Menzies
publisher: Dorling Kindersley Ltd
length: 160 pages
date_published: '2020-07-16'
format: Hardcover
cover_filename: 9780241397459.jpg
order:
  order_id: 111-4030828-2714648
  product_name: 'Greek Myths: Meet the heroes, gods, and monsters of ancient Greece'
  quantity: '1'
  order_date: '2022-06-05T21:24:38Z'
  ship_date: '2022-06-06T07:29:58Z'
  currency: USD
  unit_price: '17.85'
  product_condition: New
  location: New York
purchase_date: '2022-06-06'
location: New York
theme: mythology
status: read
type: book
read_status: read
recommendation_status: null
---
Journey into a world of gods and goddesses, heroes and heroines, extraordinary creatures and fantastic monsters with this beautifully illustrated introduction to Ancient Greek mythology. Perfect for children aged 7 to 9, this collection contains more than 30 enthralling new retellings of favourite myths as well as some you might not have heard before.
Including Theseus and the Minotaur, The 12 labours of Herakles, and the escapades of Jason and the Argonauts, each myth is told in engaging modern language, which is easy for children to understand yet still retains the humour and intrigue of the original tales. Stunning illustrations by multi-award winning artist Katie Ponder breathe new life into each classic story.
Additional feature pages delve deeper into the mythical world, providing profiles of the gods and a map detailing Odysseus' long voyage home from the Trojan War. The reference section provides key background information, such as Ancient Greek storytelling and the incredible beasts of the myths, and a pronunciation guide.
Greek Myths is the perfect gift, featuring foil on the cover and beautiful illustrations throughout. Children will love exploring the tales by themselves or as bedtime stories. It will be treasured forever.
