---
book_id: '9780691148540'
full_title: 'Why Cats Land on Their Feet: And 76 Other Physical Paradoxes and Puzzles'
title: Why Cats Land on Their Feet
subtitle: And 76 Other Physical Paradoxes and Puzzles
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780691148540'
language:
- English
topics:
- Mathematics
- Applied Mathematics
- Popular Science
authors:
- Mark Levi
publisher: Princeton University Press
length: 190 pages
date_published: '2012-05-27'
format: Paperback
cover_filename: 9780691148540.jpg
order:
  order_id: 102-6340969-6066642
  product_name: 'Why Cats Land on Their Feet: And 76 Other Physical Paradoxes and
    Puzzles'
  quantity: '1'
  order_date: '2013-05-03T07:18:55Z'
  ship_date: '2013-05-03T20:10:17Z'
  currency: USD
  unit_price: '12.78'
  product_condition: New
  location: New York
purchase_date: '2013-05-03'
location: New York
theme: science
status: partially read
type: book
---
Ever wonder why cats land on their feet? Or what holds a spinning top upright? Or whether it is possible to feel the Earth's rotation in an airplane? Why Cats Land on Their Feet is a compendium of paradoxes and puzzles that readers can solve using their own physical intuition. And the surprising answers to virtually all of these astonishing paradoxes can be arrived at with no formal knowledge of physics.
Mark Levi introduces each physical problem, sometimes gives a hint or two, and then fully explains the solution. Here readers can test their critical-thinking skills against a whole assortment of puzzles and paradoxes involving floating and diving, sailing and gliding, gymnastics, bike riding, outer space, throwing a ball from a moving car, centrifugal force, gyroscopic motion, and, of course, falling cats.
Want to figure out how to open a wine bottle with a book? Or how to compute the square root of a number using a tennis shoe and a watch? Why Cats Land on Their Feet shows you how, and all that's required is a familiarity with basic high-school mathematics. This lively collection also features an appendix that explains all physical concepts used in the book, from Newton's laws to the fundamental theorem of calculus.
