---
book_id: '9780691163475'
full_title: 'The Atlas of Ancient Rome: Biography and Portraits of the City - Two-Volume
  Slipcased Set'
title: The Atlas of Ancient Rome
subtitle: Biography and Portraits of the City - Two-Volume Slipcased Set
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780691163475'
language:
- English
topics:
- Geographical Reference
- World Atlases / World Maps
- Classical History / Classical Civilisation
authors:
- Andrea Carandini
publisher: Princeton University Press
length: 1280 pages
date_published: '2017-07-11'
format: Hardcover
type: book
cover_filename: 9780691163475.jpg
order:
  currency: USD
  location: New York
  order_date: '2022-08-21T12:46:10Z'
  order_id: 111-3198976-8982667
  product_condition: New
  product_name: 'The Atlas of Ancient Rome: Biography and Portraits of the City -
    Two-volume slipcased set'
  quantity: '1'
  ship_date: '2022-08-22T07:37:38Z'
  unit_price: '203.88'
purchase_date: '2022-08-22'
location: New York
read_status: null
theme: ancient history
recommendation_status: null
---
The most authoritative illustrated reference book on the urban history of ancient Rome
The Atlas of Ancient Rome provides a comprehensive archaeological survey of the city of Rome from prehistory to the early medieval period. Lavishly illustrated throughout with full-color maps, drawings, photos, and 3D reconstructions, this magnificent two-volume slipcased edition features the latest discoveries and scholarship, with new descriptions of more than 500 monuments, including the Sanctuary of Vesta, the domus Augusti, and the Mausoleum of Augustus. It is destined to become the standard reference for scholars, students, and anyone interested in the history of the city of Rome.
The Atlas of Ancient Rome is monumental in scope. It examines the city's topography and political-administrative divisions, trade and economic production, and social landscape and infrastructure--from residential neighborhoods and gardens to walls, roads, aqueducts, and sewers. It describes the fourteen regions of Rome and the urban history of each in unprecedented detail, and includes profiles and reconstructions of major monuments and works of art. This is the only atlas of the ancient city to incorporate the most current archaeological findings and use the latest mapping technologies.
Authoritative and easy to use, The Atlas of Ancient Rome is the definitive illustrated reference book on Rome from its origins to the sixth century AD.
Fully updated from the Italian edition to include the latest di...
