---
book_id: '9780262013192'
full_title: 'Probabilistic Graphical Models: Principles and Techniques'
title: Probabilistic Graphical Models
subtitle: Principles and Techniques
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780262013192'
language:
- English
topics:
- Technology
- Artificial Intelligence
authors:
- Daphne Koller
- Nir Friedman
publisher: The MIT Press
length: 1231 pages
date_published: '2009-07-31'
format: Hardcover
type: book
cover_filename: 9780262013192.jpg
order:
  currency: USD
  location: New York
  order_date: '2017-12-30T23:07:36Z'
  order_id: 113-2423539-1429844
  product_condition: New
  product_name: 'Probabilistic Graphical Models: Principles and Techniques (Adaptive
    Computation and Machine Learning series)'
  quantity: '1'
  ship_date: '2018-01-03T04:25:55Z'
  unit_price: '103.22'
purchase_date: '2018-01-03'
location: New York
read_status:
  start: true
  like: true
  plan: true
theme: math
recommendation_status: null
---
A general framework for constructing and using probabilistic models of complex systems that would enable a computer to use available information for making decisions.Most tasks require a person or an automated system to reason—to reach conclusions based on available information. The framework of probabilistic graphical models, presented in this book, provides a general approach for this task. The approach is model-based, allowing interpretable models to be constructed and then manipulated by reasoning algorithms. These models can also be learned automatically from data, allowing the approach to be used in cases where manually constructing a model is difficult or even impossible. Because uncertainty is an inescapable aspect of most real-world applications, the book focuses on probabilistic models, which make the uncertainty explicit and provide models that are more faithful to reality.
Probabilistic Graphical Models discusses a variety of models, spanning Bayesian networks, undirected Markov networks, discrete and continuous models, and extensions to deal with dynamical systems and relational data. For each class of models, the text describes the three fundamental cornerstones: representation, inference, and learning, presenting both basic concepts and advanced techniques. Finally, the book considers the use of the proposed framework for causal reasoning and decision making under uncertainty. The main text in each chapter provides the detailed technical development of the...
