---
book_id: '9780387848570'
full_title: 'The Elements of Statistical Learning: Data Mining, Inference, and Prediction'
title: The Elements of Statistical Learning
subtitle: Data Mining, Inference, and Prediction
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780387848570'
language:
- English
topics:
- Probability & Statistics
- Stochastics
- Biology
- ' Life Sciences'
authors:
- Trevor Hastie
- Robert Tibshirani
- Jerome Friedman
publisher: Springer
length: 768 pages
date_published: '2009-02-09'
format: Hardcover
cover_filename: 9780387848570.jpg
order: null
theme: math
---
During the past decade there has been an explosion in computation and information technology. With it have come vast amounts of data in a variety of fields such as medicine, biology, finance, and marketing. The challenge of understanding these data has led to the development of new tools in the field of statistics, and spawned new areas such as data mining, machine learning, and bioinformatics. Many of these tools have common underpinnings but are often expressed with different terminology. This book describes the important ideas in these areas in a common conceptual framework. While the approach is statistical, the emphasis is on concepts rather than mathematics. Many examples are given, with a liberal use of color graphics. It is a valuable resource for statisticians and anyone interested in data mining in science or industry. The book's coverage is broad, from supervised learning (prediction) to unsupervised learning. The many topics include neural networks, support vector machines, classification trees and boosting---the first comprehensive treatment of this topic in any book.
This major new edition features many topics not covered in the original, including graphical models, random forests, ensemble methods, least angle regression & path algorithms for the lasso, non-negative matrix factorization, and spectral clustering. There is also a chapter on methods for ``wide'' data (p bigger than n), including multiple testing and false discovery rates.
Trevor Hastie, Rober...
