---
book_id: '9780786965601'
full_title: Dungeons & Dragons Player's Handbook (Core Rulebook, D&D Roleplaying Game)
title: Dungeons & Dragons Player's Handbook (Core Rulebook, D&D Roleplaying Game)
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780786965601'
language:
- English
topics:
- Games
- Role Playing & Fantasy
- Reference
authors:
- Wizards RPG Team
publisher: Wizards of the Coast
length: 320 pages
date_published: '2014-08-19'
format: Hardcover
type: book
cover_filename: 9780786965601.jpg
order: null
location: New York
purchase_date: '2021-12-01'
read_status:
  finish: true
  like: true
  multiple: true
  plan: true
  start: true
theme: role-playing games
recommendation_status: null
---
Create heroic characters for the world’s greatest roleplaying game.
The Player’s Handbook is the essential reference for every Dungeons & Dragons roleplayer. It contains rules for character creation and advancement, backgrounds and skills, exploration and combat, equipment, spells, and much more. Use this book to create characters from among the most iconic D&D races and classes.
Publisher’s Weekly #1 Best Seller in Hardcover Nonfiction
Wall Street Journal #1 Best Seller in Hardcover Nonfiction
• In Dungeons & Dragons, you and your friends coauthor your own legend. Guided by a Dungeon Master, you create characters and play their roles in a story, rolling dice and navigating maps as you unfold a tale as limitless as your imagination.
• The Player’s Handbook is the first of three D&D core rulebooks, along with the Monster Manual and the Dungeon Master’s Guide. The Player’s Handbook is the cornerstone. It’s the foundational text of D&D’s fifth edition—for beginners and for veterans alike.
• The Player’s Handbook walks you through how to create a Dungeons & Dragons character—the role you’ll play in the D&D world.
• Dungeons & Dragons is the world’s greatest roleplaying game. Created in 1974, D&D transformed gaming culture by blending traditional fantasy with miniatures and wargaming.
