---
book_id: '9780786965618'
full_title: Dungeons & Dragons Monster Manual (Core Rulebook, D&D Roleplaying Game)
title: Dungeons & Dragons Monster Manual (Core Rulebook, D&D Roleplaying Game)
subtitle: null
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780786965618'
language:
- English
topics:
- Games
- Role Playing & Fantasy
- Reference
authors:
- Wizards RPG Team
publisher: Wizards of the Coast
length: 352 pages
date_published: '2014-09-30'
format: Hardcover
cover_filename: 9780786965618.jpg
order: null
theme: role-playing games
location: New York
purchase_date: '2023-02-01'
status: consulted
type: book
---
Fill your Dungeons & Dragons games with deadly monsters from the Monster Manual.
The Monster Manual teaches you how to how to fill your Dungeons & Dragons games with monsters—how to populate the game with pesky goblins and mighty dragons for players to battle or beguile, outwit or outrun.
Inside the Monster Manual you’ll find more than 150 classic D&D creatures, with vivid illustrations and rich descriptions to help breathe life into your zombies and liches.
“…What if I told you about the best book of monsters ever? The 5E Monster Manual just might be the one...”—Ed Grabianowski, io9.Gizmodo.com
“D&D acolytes are everywhere...Tech workers from Silicon Valley to Brooklyn have long-running campaigns, and the showrunners and the novelist behind ‘Game of Thrones’ have all been Dungeon Masters.”—Neima Jahromi, The New Yorker
• The Monster Manual is one of the three main Dungeons & Dragons books, along with the Player’s Handbook and the Dungeon Master’s Guide. It’s an essential resource for Dungeon Masters to use in populating any type of challenge they might contrive for their players.
• From an angel’s wingspan to the vacant eyes of a zombie beholder, the Monster Manual includes more than 150 creatures illustrated in vivid color, with more than 400 quick reference tables to help you bring them to life with ease.
• Rich descriptions of each monster help trigger your imagination. From the familiar (“vampires hate sunlight”) to the arcane (“what color is the vapor from a...
