---
book_id: '9780786966011'
full_title: Volo's Guide to Monsters
title: Volo's Guide to Monsters
subtitle: null
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780786966011'
language:
- English
topics:
- Games
- Role Playing & Fantasy
- Reference
authors:
- Wizards RPG Team
publisher: Wizards of the Coast
length: 224 pages
date_published: '2016-11-15'
format: Hardcover
cover_filename: 9780786966011.jpg
order: null
theme: role-playing games
location: New York
purchase_date: '2023-04-01'
---
Immerse yourself in monster lore in this supplement for the world’s greatest roleplaying game
This is NOT just another Monster Manual! Volo’s Guide to Monsters provides something exciting for players and Dungeon Masters everywhere.
· A deep dive into the lore behind some of D&D’s most popular and iconic monsters
· Dozens of monsters new to the fifth edition to include in your epic adventures
· New playable races to allow you to build characters to fit nearly any type of story in your D&D game.
The esteemed loremaster Volothamp Geddarm is back and he’s written a fantastical dissertation, covering some of the most iconic monsters in the Forgotten Realms. Unfortunately, the Sage of Shadowdale himself, Elminster, doesn’t believe Volo gets some of the important details quite right. Don’t miss out as Volo and Elminster square off (academically speaking of course) to illuminate the uninitiated on creatures both common and obscure. Uncover the machinations of the mysterious Kraken Society, what is the origin of the bizarre froghemoth, or how to avoid participating in the ghastly reproductive cycle of the grotesque vargouille. Dungeon Masters and players will get some much-needed guidance as you plan your next venture, traipsing about some dusty old ruin in search of treasure, lore, and let’s not forget ... dangerous creatures whose horns, claws, fangs, heads, or even hides might comfortably adorn the walls of your trophy room. If you survive.
Research has never been so dangerous!
