---
book_id: '9780738206677'
full_title: 'Linked: The New Science Of Networks'
title: Linked
subtitle: The New Science Of Networks
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780738206677'
language:
- English
topics:
- Cybernetics & Systems Theory
- 'Society & Culture: General'
- Business & Management
authors:
- "Albert-L\xE1szl\xF3 Barab\xE1si"
- Jennifer Frangos
publisher: Basic Books
length: 280 pages
date_published: '2002-05-15'
format: Hardcover
cover_filename: 9780738206677.jpg
order:
  order_id: 026-2245234-2586828
  product_name: 'Linked: The New Science of Networks'
  quantity: '1'
  order_date: '2004-01-22T16:57:39Z'
  ship_date: '2004-01-24T16:27:38Z'
  currency: GBP
  unit_price: '9.93'
  product_condition: New
  location: Paris
purchase_date: '2004-01-24'
location: Paris
theme: graphs
status: did not finish
type: book
---
In the 1980's, James Gleick's Chaos introduced the world to complexity. Now, Albert-László Barabási's Linked reveals the next major scientific leap: the study of networks. We've long suspected that we live in a small world, where everything is connected to everything else. Indeed, networks are pervasive--from the human brain to the Internet to the economy to our group of friends. These linkages, it turns out, aren't random. All networks, to the great surprise of scientists, have an underlying order and follow simple laws. Understanding the structure and behavior of these networks will help us do some amazing things, from designing the optimal organization of a firm to stopping a disease outbreak before it spreads catastrophically.In Linked, Barabási, a physicist whose work has revolutionized the study of networks, traces the development of this rapidly unfolding science and introduces us to the scientists carrying out this pioneering work. These "new cartographers" are mapping networks in a wide range of scientific disciplines, proving that social networks, corporations, and cells are more similar than they are different, and providing important new insights into the interconnected world around us. This knowledge, says Barabási, can shed light on the robustness of the Internet, the spread of fads and viruses, even the future of democracy. Engaging and authoritative, Linked provides an exciting preview of the next century in science, guaranteed to be transformed by these am...
