---
book_id: '9780321502780'
full_title: The New School of Information Security
title: The New School of Information Security
subtitle: null
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780321502780'
language:
- English
topics:
- 'Management: Leadership & Motivation'
- Computing
- Network Security
authors:
- Adam Shostack
- Andrew Stewart
publisher: Pearson Education (US)
length: 288 pages
date_published: '2008-04-05'
format: Hardcover
cover_filename: 9780321502780.jpg
order:
  order_id: 102-5695218-8881013
  product_name: The New School of Information Security
  quantity: '1'
  order_date: '2011-01-12T15:06:40Z'
  ship_date: '2011-01-13T03:32:10Z'
  currency: USD
  unit_price: '19.11'
  product_condition: New
  location: New York
purchase_date: '2011-01-13'
location: New York
theme: security
status: did not finish
type: book
read_status: did not finish
recommendation_status: null
---
"It is about time that a book like The New School "came along. The age of security as pure technology is long past, and modern practitioners need to understand the social and cognitive aspects of security if they are to be successful. Shostack and Stewart teach readers exactly what they need to know--I just wish I could have had it when I first started out.""--David Mortman, CSO-in-Residence Echelon One, former CSO Siebel Systems Why is information security so dysfunctional? Are you wasting the money you spend on security? This book shows how to spend it more effectively. How can you make more effective security decisions? This book explains why professionals have taken to studying economics, not cryptography--and why you should, too. And why security breach notices are the best thing to ever happen to information security. It's about time someone asked the biggest, toughest questions about information security. Security experts Adam Shostack and Andrew Stewart don't just answer those questions--they offer honest, deeply troubling answers. They explain why these critical problems exist and how to solve them. Drawing on powerful lessons from economics and other disciplines, Shostack and Stewart offer a new way forward. In clear and engaging prose, they shed new light on the critical challenges that are faced by the security field. Whether you're a CIO, IT manager, or security specialist, this book will open your eyes to new ways of thinking about--and overcoming--your most ...
