---
book_id: '9780387402727'
full_title: 'All of Statistics: A Concise Course in Statistical Inference'
title: All of Statistics
subtitle: A Concise Course in Statistical Inference
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780387402727'
language:
- English
topics:
- Probability & Statistics
authors:
- Larry Wasserman
publisher: Springer
length: 442 pages
date_published: '2004-09-17'
format: Hardcover
cover_filename: 9780387402727.jpg
order:
  order_id: 102-8911358-1662620
  product_name: 'All of Statistics: A Concise Course in Statistical Inference (Springer
    Texts in Statistics)'
  quantity: '1'
  order_date: '2012-08-02T00:35:26Z'
  ship_date: '2012-08-02T15:17:42Z'
  currency: USD
  unit_price: '78.1'
  product_condition: New
  location: New York
purchase_date: '2012-08-02'
location: New York
theme: math
status: did not finish
recommend: false
type: book
---
Taken literally, the title "All of Statistics" is an exaggeration. But in spirit, the title is apt, as the book does cover a much broader range of topics than a typical introductory book on mathematical statistics. This book is for people who want to learn probability and statistics quickly. It is suitable for graduate or advanced undergraduate students in computer science, mathematics, statistics, and related disciplines. The book includes modern topics like nonparametric curve estimation, bootstrapping, and clas- sification, topics that are usually relegated to follow-up courses. The reader is presumed to know calculus and a little linear algebra. No previous knowledge of probability and statistics is required. Statistics, data mining, and machine learning are all concerned with collecting and analyzing data. For some time, statistics research was con- ducted in statistics departments while data mining and machine learning re- search was conducted in computer science departments. Statisticians thought that computer scientists were reinventing the wheel. Computer scientists thought that statistical theory didn't apply to their problems. Things are changing. Statisticians now recognize that computer scientists are making novel contributions while computer scientists now recognize the generality of statistical theory and methodology. Clever data mining algo- rithms are more scalable than statisticians ever thought possible. Formal sta- tistical theory is more pervasive than...
