---
book_id: '9780786967025'
full_title: Tasha's Cauldron of Everything (D&D Rules Expansion) (Dungeons & Dragons)
title: Tasha's Cauldron of Everything (D&D Rules Expansion) (Dungeons & Dragons)
subtitle: null
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780786967025'
language:
- English
topics:
- Games
- Role Playing & Fantasy
- Fiction
authors:
- Wizards RPG Team
publisher: Wizards of the Coast
length: 192 pages
date_published: '2020-11-17'
format: Hardcover
cover_filename: 9780786967025.jpg
order: null
location: New York
purchase_date: '2023-06-01'
theme: role-playing games
status: consulted
type: book
---
A magical mixture of rules options for the world's greatest roleplaying game.
The wizard Tasha, whose great works include the spell Tasha's hideous laughter, has gathered bits and bobs of precious lore during her illustrious career as an adventurer. Her enemies wouldn't want these treasured secrets scattered across the multiverse, so in defiance, she has collected and codified these tidbits for the enrichment of all.
EXPANDED SUBCLASSES. Try out subclass options for every Dungeons & Dragons class, including the artificer, which appears in the book.
MORE CHARACTER OPTIONS. Tasha's Cauldron of Everything introduces a host of class features and feats, plus straightforward rules for modifying a character's racial traits and customizing their origin.
INTRODUCING GROUP PATRONS. Whether you're part of the same criminal syndicate or working for an ancient dragon, each group patron option comes with its own perks and types of assignments.
SPELLS, ARTIFACTS & MAGIC TATTOOS. Discover more spells, as well as magic tattoos, artifacts, and other magic items for your campaign.
EXPANDED RULES OPTIONS. Try out rules for sidekicks, supernatural environments, natural hazards, and parleying with monsters, and gain guidance on running a session zero.
A PLETHORA OF PUZZLES. Ready to be dropped into any D&D adventure, puzzles of varied difficulty await your adventurers, complete with traps and guidance on using the puzzles in a campaign.
Full of expanded content for players and Dungeon M...
