---
book_id: '9780596510510'
full_title: 'Making Things Talk: Practical Methods for Connecting Physical Objects'
title: Making Things Talk
subtitle: Practical Methods for Connecting Physical Objects
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9780596510510'
language:
- English
topics:
- Mechanical Engineering
- Electrical Engineering
- Microprocessors
authors:
- Tom Igoe
publisher: Maker Media, Inc
length: 426 pages
date_published: '2007-10-05'
format: Paperback
type: book
cover_filename: 9780596510510.jpg
order:
  currency: USD
  location: New York
  order_date: '2007-10-09T12:25:24Z'
  order_id: 104-2764621-5849063
  product_condition: New
  product_name: 'Making Things Talk: Practical Methods for Connecting Physical Objects'
  quantity: '1'
  ship_date: '2007-10-09T20:11:59Z'
  unit_price: '19.79'
purchase_date: '2007-10-09'
location: New York
read_status: null
theme: engineering
recommendation_status: null
---
Building electronic projects that interact with the physical world is good fun. But when devices that you've built start to talk to each other, things really start to get interesting. Through a series of simple projects, you'll learn how to get your creations to communicate with one another by forming networks of smart devices that carry on conversations with you and your environment. Whether you need to plug some sensors in your home to the Internet or create a device that can interact wirelessly with other creations, Making Things Talk explains exactly what you need.
This book is perfect for people with little technical training but a lot of interest. Maybe you're a science teacher who wants to show students how to monitor weather conditions at several locations at once, or a sculptor who wants to stage a room of choreographed mechanical sculptures. Making Things Talk demonstrates that once you figure out how objects communicate -- whether they're microcontroller-powered devices, email programs, or networked databases -- you can get them to interact.
Each chapter in contains instructions on how to build working projects that help you do just that. You will:
Make your pet's bed send you email Make your own seesaw game controller that communicates over the Internet Learn how to use ZigBee and Bluetooth radios to transmit sensor data wirelessly Set up communication between microcontrollers, personal computers, and web servers using three easy-to-program, open source env...
