---
book_id: '9781119085294'
full_title: How to Measure Anything in Cybersecurity Risk
title: How to Measure Anything in Cybersecurity Risk
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9781119085294'
language:
- English
topics:
- Economic Statistics
- Computer Security
authors:
- Douglas W. Hubbard
- Richard Seiersen
publisher: Wiley
length: 304 pages
date_published: '2016-07-25'
format: Hardcover
type: book
cover_filename: 9781119085294.jpg
order:
  currency: USD
  location: New York
  order_date: '2017-09-17T13:29:19Z'
  order_id: 113-8611791-1477823
  product_condition: New
  product_name: How to Measure Anything in Cybersecurity Risk
  quantity: '1'
  ship_date: '2017-09-18T00:08:19Z'
  unit_price: '37.84'
purchase_date: '2017-09-18'
location: New York
read_status:
  start: true
theme: security
recommendation_status: null
---
A ground shaking exposE on the failure of popular cyber risk management methods How to Measure Anything in Cybersecurity Risk exposes the shortcomings of current "risk management" practices, and offers a series of improvement techniques that help you fill the holes and ramp up security. In his bestselling book How to Measure Anything, author Douglas W. Hubbard opened the business world's eyes to the critical need for better measurement. This book expands upon that premise and draws from The Failure of Risk Management to sound the alarm in the cybersecurity realm. Some of the field's premier risk management approaches actually create more risk than they mitigate, and questionable methods have been duplicated across industries and embedded in the products accepted as gospel. This book sheds light on these blatant risks, and provides alternate techniques that can help improve your current situation. You'll also learn which approaches are too risky to save, and are actually more damaging than a total lack of any security.
Dangerous risk management methods abound; there is no industry more critically in need of solutions than cybersecurity. This book provides solutions where they exist, and advises when to change tracks entirely.
Discover the shortcomings of cybersecurity's "best practices" Learn which risk management approaches actually create risk Improve your current practices with practical alterations Learn which methods are beyond saving, and worse than doing nothing I...
