---
book_id: '9781885705020'
full_title: 'Please Understand Me II: Temperament, Character, Intelligence'
title: Please Understand Me II
subtitle: Temperament, Character, Intelligence
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9781885705020'
language:
- English
topics:
- Psychology
authors:
- David Keirsey
publisher: Prometheus Nemesis
length: 350 pages
date_published: '1998-05-01'
format: Paperback
type: book
cover_filename: 9781885705020.jpg
order:
  currency: EUR
  location: Paris
  order_date: '2004-05-26T10:46:12Z'
  order_id: 171-5378773-3988235
  product_condition: New
  product_name: 'Please Understand Me II: Temperament Character Intelligence'
  quantity: '1'
  ship_date: '2004-06-02T17:29:45Z'
  unit_price: '13.5'
purchase_date: '2004-06-02'
location: Paris
read_status: null
theme: business
recommendation_status: null
---
Phenomenon: Keirsey and Bates's Please Understand Me, first published in 1978, sold nearly 2 million copies in its first 20 years, becoming a perennial best seller all over the world. Advertised only by word of mouth, the book became a favorite training and counseling guide in many institutions -- government, church, business -- and colleges across the nation adopted it as an auxiliary text in a dozen different departments. Why? Perhaps it was the user-friendly way that Please Understand Me helped people find their personality style. Perhaps it was the simple accuracy of Keirsey's portraits of temperament and character types. Or perhaps it was the book's essential message: that members of families and institutions are OK, even though they are fundamentally different from each other, and that they would all do well to appreciate their differences and give up trying to change others into copies of themselves.
Now: Please Understand Me II
For the past twenty years Keirsey has continued to investigate personality differences -- to refine his theory of the four temperaments and to define the facets of character that distinguish one from another. His findings form the basis of Please Understand Me II, an updated and greatly expanded edition of the book, far more comprehensive and coherent than the original, and yet with much of the same easy accessibility. One major addition is Keirsey's view of how the temperaments differ in the intelligent roles they are most likely to devel...
