---
book_id: '9781568987606'
full_title: 'Indie Publishing: How to Design and Publish Your Own Book'
title: Indie Publishing
subtitle: How to Design and Publish Your Own Book
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9781568987606'
language:
- English
topics:
- Graphic Design
- Illustration & Commercial Art
- Writing & Editing Guides
authors:
- Ellen Lupton
publisher: Princeton Architectural Press
length: 174 pages
date_published: '2008-11-03'
format: Paperback
type: book
cover_filename: 9781568987606.jpg
order: null
read_status:
  start: true
theme: design
recommendation_status: null
---
Once referred to derisively as "vanity publishing," self-published books are finally taking their place alongside moreaccepted indie categories such as music, film, and theater. Indie Publishing is a practical guide to creating and distributing printed books regardless of your background, skill set, or ambition. It will help you realize projects of every scale and budget, from the traditional bookmaking techniques used to create zines to the more ambitious industrial production methods required to produce hardcover books in large quantity.
Indie Publishing's special focus on the visual design of books makes it unique among publish-it-yourself manuals. Readers are taken step-by-step through the process of designing a book to give it personal style as well as visual coherence and authority. Design principles such as scale, cropping, pacing, and typography are explored in relation to each example, along with commentary on how to create effective title pages, tables of contents, captions, and more. Indie Publishing aims to inspire readers with examples of print projects similar to those they might undertake on their own. Sample designs include a picture book, artist's portfolio, exhibition catalog, poetry chapbook, novel, and zine. Indie Publishing addresses the important business aspects of independentpublishingfrom how and why you should get an isbn number to creating promotional materials and using the internet to market your book. This comprehensive, illustrated guide con...
