---
book_id: '9781430210771'
full_title: 'Founders at Work: Stories of Startups'' Early Days'
title: Founders at Work
subtitle: Stories of Startups' Early Days
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9781430210771'
language:
- English
topics:
- Business & Economics
authors:
- Jessica Livingston
publisher: Apress
length: 467 pages
date_published: '2008-01-01'
format: Paperback
cover_filename: 9781430210771.jpg
order:
  order_id: 102-6687291-5560964
  product_name: 'Founders at Work: Stories of Startups Early Days'
  quantity: '1'
  order_date: '2007-02-06T18:10:24Z'
  ship_date: '2007-02-07T10:41:40Z'
  currency: USD
  unit_price: '17.93'
  product_condition: New
  location: New York
purchase_date: '2007-02-07'
location: New York
theme: entrepreneurship
status: partially read
type: book
read_status: partially read
recommendation_status: null
---
Now available in paperback with a new preface and interview with "Jessica Livingston " about Y Combinator!
Founders at Work: Stories of Startups Early Days is a collection of interviews with founders of famous technology companies about what happened in the very earliest days. These people are celebrities now. What was it like when they were just a couple friends with an idea? Founders like Steve Wozniak (Apple), Caterina Fake (Flickr), Mitch Kapor (Lotus), Max Levchin (PayPal), and Sabeer Bhatia (Hotmail) tell you in their own words about their surprising and often very funny discoveries as they learned how to build a company.
Where did they get the ideas that made them rich? How did they convince investors to back them? What went wrong, and how did they recover?
Nearly all technical people have thought of one day starting or working for a startup. For them, this book is the closest you can come to being a fly on the wall at a successful startup, to learn how it's done.
But ultimately these interviews are required reading for anyone who wants to understand business, because startups are business reduced to its essence. The reason their founders become rich is that startups do what businessesdo create value more intensively than almost any other part of the economy. How? What are the secrets that make successful startups so insanely productive? Read this book, and let the founders themselves tell you.
