---
book_id: '9781591840565'
full_title: 'The Art of the Start: The Time-Tested, Battle-Hardened Guide for Anyone
  Starting Anything'
title: The Art of the Start
subtitle: The Time-Tested, Battle-Hardened Guide for Anyone Starting Anything
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9781591840565'
language:
- English
topics:
- Business
- Small Business
- Personal Finance
authors:
- Guy Kawasaki
publisher: Portfolio
length: 240 pages
date_published: '2004-09-09'
format: Hardcover
type: book
cover_filename: 9781591840565.jpg
order:
  currency: USD
  location: New York
  order_date: '2007-02-28T21:57:35Z'
  order_id: 102-7674013-9809745
  product_condition: New
  product_name: 'The Art of the Start: The Time-Tested, Battle-Hardened Guide for
    Anyone Starting Anything'
  quantity: '1'
  ship_date: '2007-03-01T17:21:46Z'
  unit_price: '17.79'
purchase_date: '2007-03-01'
location: New York
read_status: read
theme: entrepreneurship
---
A new product, a new service, a new company, a new division, a new organization, a new anything—where there’s a will, here’s the way.
It begins with a dream that just won’t quit, the once-in-a-lifetime thunderbolt of pure inspiration, the obsession, the world-beater, the killer app, the next big thing. Everyone who wants to make the world a better place becomes possessed by a grand idea.
But what does it take to turn your idea into action?
Whether you are an entrepreneur, intrapreneur, or not-for-profit crusader, there’s no shortage of advice available on issues such as writing a business plan, recruiting, raising capital, and branding. In fact, there are so many books, articles, and Web sites that many startups get bogged down to the point of paralysis. Or else they focus on the wrong priorities and go broke before they discover their mistakes.
In The Art of the Start, Guy Kawasaki brings two decades of experience as one of business’s most original and irreverent strategists to offer the essential guide for anyone starting anything, from a multinational corporation to a church group. At Apple in the 1980s, he helped lead one of the great companies of the century, turning ordinary consumers into evangelists. As founder and CEO of Garage Technology Ventures, a venture capital firm, he has field-tested his ideas with dozens of newly hatched companies. And as the author of bestselling business books and articles, he has advised thousands of people who are making thei...
