---
book_id: '9781594205224'
full_title: 'How Not to Be Wrong: The Power of Mathematical Thinking'
title: How Not to Be Wrong
subtitle: The Power of Mathematical Thinking
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9781594205224'
language:
- English
topics:
- Philosophy
- Applied
- History & Philosophy
authors:
- Jordan Ellenberg
publisher: Penguin Press
length: 480 pages
date_published: '2014-05-29'
format: Hardcover
cover_filename: 9781594205224.jpg
order:
  order_id: 111-6722506-8530614
  product_name: 'How Not to Be Wrong: The Power of Mathematical Thinking'
  quantity: '1'
  order_date: '2014-12-12T21:15:37Z'
  ship_date: '2014-12-13T02:53:57Z'
  currency: USD
  unit_price: '16.75'
  product_condition: New
  location: New York
purchase_date: '2014-12-13'
location: New York
theme: math
status: plan to read
type: book
read_status: plan to read
recommendation_status: null
---
The Freakonomics of math—a math-world superstar unveils the hidden beauty and logic of the world and puts its power in our hands
The math we learn in school can seem like a dull set of rules, laid down by the ancients and not to be questioned. In How Not to Be Wrong, Jordan Ellenberg shows us how terribly limiting this view is: Math isn’t confined to abstract incidents that never occur in real life, but rather touches everything we do—the whole world is shot through with it.
Math allows us to see the hidden structures underneath the messy and chaotic surface of our world. It’s a science of not being wrong, hammered out by centuries of hard work and argument. Armed with the tools of mathematics, we can see through to the true meaning of information we take for granted: How early should you get to the airport? What does “public opinion” really represent? Why do tall parents have shorter children? Who really won Florida in 2000? And how likely are you, really, to develop cancer?
How Not to Be Wrong presents the surprising revelations behind all of these questions and many more, using the mathematician’s method of analyzing life and exposing the hard-won insights of the academic community to the layman—minus the jargon. Ellenberg chases mathematical threads through a vast range of time and space, from the everyday to the cosmic, encountering, among other things, baseball, Reaganomics, daring lottery schemes, Voltaire, the replicability crisis in psychology, Italian Renaissa...
