---
book_id: '9781982113476'
full_title: 'Every Tool''s a Hammer: Life is What You Make It'
title: Every Tool's a Hammer
subtitle: Life is What You Make It
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9781982113476'
language:
- English
topics:
- Scientific Equipment
- ' Experiments & Techniques'
authors:
- Adam Savage
publisher: Atria Books
length: 320 pages
date_published: '2019-05-07'
format: Hardcover
purchase_date: '2023-12-05'
type: book
cover_filename: 9781982113476.jpg
multiple_formats:
  book: '9781982113476'
  audiobook: B07L39ZZ2Q
theme: making
location: New York
signed: true
signature_details: the author
first_edition: true
first_edition_details: american
---
MythBusters’ Adam Savage—Discovery Channel star and one of the most beloved figures in science and tech—shares his golden rules of creativity, from finding inspiration to following through and successfully turning your idea into reality.
Adam Savage is a maker. From Chewbacca’s bandolier to a thousand-shot Nerf gun, he has built thousands of spectacular projects as a special effects artist and the cohost of MythBusters. Adam is also an educator, passionate about instilling the principles of making in the next generation of inventors and inspiring them to turn their curiosity into creation.
In this practical and passionate guide, Adam weaves together vivid personal stories, original sketches and photographs from some of his most memorable projects, and interviews with many of his iconic and visionary friends in the arts and sciences—including Pixar director Andrew Stanton, Nick Offerman, Oscar-winner Guillermo Del Toro, artist Tom Sachs, and chef Traci Des Jardins—to demonstrate the many lessons he has picked up from a lifetime of making.
Things like: don’t wait until everything is perfect—in your workshop or in your life—to begin. Plan with pencil and paper. Sweep up every day. Learn from doing. Share your toys. There is an exact tool for every task (Adam probably has four of them in his wondrous shop), but if you need to pound in a nail and all you have handy is a skill saw—hammer away. The most important thing, always, is just that you make something.
Every Tool’s a...
