---
book_id: '9781680508604'
full_title: Python Testing with Pytest
title: Python Testing with Pytest
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9781680508604'
language:
- English
topics:
- Computer Programming / Software Development
- Web Programming
- 'Programming & Scripting Languages: General'
authors:
- Brian Okken
publisher: O'Reilly UK Ltd.
length: 274 pages
date_published: '2022-03-22'
format: Paperback
type: book
cover_filename: 9781680508604.jpg
order:
  currency: USD
  location: New York
  order_date: '2019-02-11T15:41:48Z'
  order_id: 113-2422544-2142646
  product_condition: New
  product_name: 'Python Testing with pytest: Simple, Rapid, Effective, and Scalable'
  quantity: '2'
  ship_date: '2019-02-11T16:51:25Z'
  unit_price: '35.16'
location: New York
purchase_date: '2019-02-11'
read_status: null
theme: software
recommendation_status: null
---
Test applications, packages, and libraries large and small with pytest, Python’s most powerful testing framework. pytest helps you write tests quickly and keep them readable and maintainable. In this fully revised edition, explore pytest’s superpowers—simple asserts, fixtures, parametrization, markers, and plugins—while creating simple tests and test suites against a small database application. Using a robust yet simple fixture model, it’s just as easy to write small tests with pytest as it is to scale up to complex functional testing. This book shows you how.
pytest is undeniably the best choice for testing Python projects. It’s a full-featured, flexible, and extensible testing framework. pytest’s fixture model allows you to share test data and setup procedures across multiple layers of tests. The pytest framework gives you powerful features such as assert rewriting, parametrization, markers, plugins, parallel test execution, and clear test failure reporting—with no boilerplate code.
With simple step-by-step instructions and sample code, this book gets you up to speed quickly on this easy-to-learn yet powerful tool. Write short, maintainable tests that elegantly express what you’re testing. Speed up test times by distributing tests across multiple processors and running tests in parallel. Use Python’s built-in assert statements instead of awkward assert helper functions to make your tests more readable. Move setup code out of tests and into fixtures to separate setup fa...
