---
book_id: '9781591842316'
full_title: 'Wikinomics: wikinomics'
title: Wikinomics
subtitle: wikinomics
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9781591842316'
language:
- English
topics:
- 'Science: General Issues'
authors:
- Don Tapscott
publisher: Penguin Group USA
length: ' pages'
date_published: '2008-01-30'
format: Paperback
cover_filename: 9781591842316.jpg
order:
  order_id: 105-7624082-1609218
  product_name: 'Wikinomics: How Mass Collaboration Changes Everything'
  quantity: '1'
  order_date: '2007-01-11T03:29:34Z'
  ship_date: '2007-01-11T08:52:49Z'
  currency: USD
  unit_price: '15.57'
  product_condition: New
  location: New York
purchase_date: '2007-01-11'
location: New York
theme: economics
status: did not finish
type: book
read_status: did not finish
recommendation_status: null
---
In just the last few years, traditional collaboration—in a meeting room, a conference call, even a convention center—has been superseded by collaborations on an astronomical scale.  Today, encyclopedias, jetliners, operating systems, mutual funds, and many other items are being created by teams numbering in the thousands or even millions. While some leaders fear the heaving growth of these massive online communities, Wikinomics proves this fear is folly. Smart firms can harness collective capability and genius to spur innovation, growth, and success.
A brilliant guide to one of the most profound changes of our time, Wikinomics challenges our most deeply-rooted assumptions about business and will prove indispensable to anyone who wants to understand competitiveness in the twenty-first century.
Based on a $9 million research project led by bestselling author Don Tapscott, Wikinomics shows how masses of people can participate in the economy like never before. They are creating TV news stories, sequencing the human genome, remixing their favorite music, designing software, finding a cure for disease, editing school texts, inventing new cosmetics, or even building motorcycles. You'll read about:
• Rob McEwen, the Goldcorp, Inc. CEO who used open source tactics and an online competition to save his company and breathe new life into an old-fashioned industry.
• Flickr, Second Life, YouTube, and other thriving online communities that transcend social networking to pioneer a...
