---
book_id: '9781631597480'
full_title: 'Universal Methods of Design Expanded and Revised: 125 Ways to Research
  Complex Problems, Develop Innovative Ideas, and Design Effective Solutions'
title: Universal Methods of Design Expanded and Revised
subtitle: 125 Ways to Research Complex Problems, Develop Innovative Ideas, and Design
  Effective Solutions
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9781631597480'
language:
- English
topics:
- Industrial / Commercial Art & Design
- Graphic Design
- Product Design
authors:
- Bruce Hanington
- Bella Martin
publisher: Rockport Publishers
length: 264 pages
date_published: '2019-12-03'
format: Paperback
type: book
cover_filename: 9781631597480.jpg
order:
  currency: USD
  location: New York
  order_date: '2021-06-24T03:48:19Z'
  order_id: 113-1886636-4070647
  product_condition: New
  product_name: 'Universal Methods of Design Expanded and Revised: 125 Ways to Research
    Complex Problems, Develop Innovative Ideas, and Design Effective Solutions'
  quantity: '1'
  ship_date: '2021-06-24T22:47:16Z'
  unit_price: '24.46'
purchase_date: '2021-06-24'
location: New York
read_status:
  like: true
  plan: true
  start: true
theme: design
recommendation_status: null
---
This expanded and revised version of the best-selling Universal Methods of Design is a comprehensive reference that provides a thorough and critical presentation of 125 research methods, synthesis/analysis techniques, and research deliverables for human-centered design.
The text and accompanying photos and graphics of this classic resource are delivered in a concise and accessible format perfect for designers, educators, and students. This new, expanded edition includes updated information on scenarios, secondary research, territory maps, and other chapters. The addition of 25 new chapters brings fresh relevance to the text with innovative design methods that have emerged since the first edition, such as backcasting, behavioral design, horizon scanning, and transition design.
​Universal Methods of Design, Expanded and Revised distills each method down to its essence, in a format that helps design teams select and implement the most credible research methods suited to their design culture. Each method is presented in a two-page format. The left-hand page contains a concise description of the method, accompanied by references to further reading. On the right-hand page, images and case studies for each method are presented visually. The relevant phases for design application are highlighted as numbered icons along the right side of the page, from phases 1 (planning, scoping, and definition) through 5 (launch and monitor).
Build more meaningful products with these methods ...
