---
book_id: '9781775093343'
full_title: 'CPython Internals: Your Guide to the Python 3 Interpreter'
title: CPython Internals
subtitle: Your Guide to the Python 3 Interpreter
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9781775093343'
language:
- English
topics:
- 'Programming & Scripting Languages: General'
authors:
- Anthony Shaw
publisher: Real Python (Realpython.Com)
length: 396 pages
date_published: '2021-05-05'
format: Paperback
type: book
cover_filename: 9781775093343.jpg
order:
  currency: USD
  location: New York
  order_date: '2021-06-24T03:48:19Z'
  order_id: 113-6777349-7269018
  product_condition: New
  product_name: 'CPython Internals: Your Guide to the Python 3 Interpreter'
  quantity: '1'
  ship_date: '2021-06-24T18:27:33Z'
  unit_price: '37.99'
purchase_date: '2021-06-24'
location: New York
read_status: null
theme: software
recommendation_status: null
---
Get your guided tour through the Python 3.9 interpreter: Unlock the inner workings of the Python language, compile the Python interpreter from source code, and participate in the development of CPython. Are there certain parts of Python that just seem like magic? This book explains the concepts, ideas, and technicalities of the Python interpreter in an approachable and hands-on fashion. Once you see how Python works at the interpreter level, you can optimize your applications and fully leverage the power of Python. By the End of the Book You'll Be Able To: Read and navigate the CPython 3.9 interpreter source code. You'll deeply comprehend and appreciate the inner workings of concepts like lists, dictionaries, and generators. Make changes to the Python syntax and compile your own version of CPython, from scratch. You'll customize the Python core data types with new functionality and run CPython's automated test suite. Master Python's memory management capabilities and scale your Python code with parallelism and concurrency. Debug C and Python code like a true professional. Profile and benchmark the performance of your Python code and the runtime. Participate in the development of CPython and know how to contribute to future versions of the Python interpreter and standard library. How great would it feel to give back to the community as a "Python Core Developer?" With this book you'll cover the critical concepts behind the internals of CPython and how they work with visual e...
