---
book_id: '9781585104208'
full_title: 'Lingua Latina per se Illustrata: Pars I: Familia Romana (Lingua Latina
  per se Illustrata)'
title: 'Lingua Latina per se Illustrata: Pars I'
subtitle: Familia Romana (Lingua Latina per se Illustrata)
source: Bookshelf
owned: true
isbn: '9781585104208'
language:
- Latin
topics:
- Language Teaching & Learning Material & Coursework
authors:
- Hans Henning Orberg
publisher: Focus Publishing/R. Pullins Co.
length: 328 pages
date_published: '2011-03-01'
format: Paperback
type: book
cover_filename: 9781585104208.jpg
order:
  currency: USD
  location: New York
  order_date: '2019-03-18T02:54:02Z'
  order_id: 113-7511965-6679428
  product_condition: New
  product_name: 'Lingua Latina per se Illustrata, Pars I: Familia Romana (Latin Edition)'
  quantity: '1'
  ship_date: '2019-03-19T18:25:58Z'
  unit_price: '30.4'
location: New York
purchase_date: '2019-03-19'
read_status: partially read
recommendation_status: true
theme: learning latin
---
Hans Ørberg's Lingua Latina per se Illustrata is the world's premiere textbook for learning Latin via the Natural Method. Students first learn grammar and vocabulary intuitively through extended contextual reading and an innovative system of marginal notes. It is the only textbook currently available that gives students the opportunity to learn Latin without resorting to translation, but allows them to think in the language. It is also the most popular text for teachers, at both the secondary and collegiate levels, who wish to incorporate conversational skills into their classroom practice.
Part I, Familia Romana contains thirty-five chapters and describes the life of a Roman family in the 2nd century A.D., and culminate in readings from classical poets and Donatus' Ars Grammatica, the standard Latin school text for a millennium. Each chapter is divided into two or three lectiones (lessons) of a couple pages each followed by a grammar section, Grammatica Latina, and three exercises or Pensa. Hans Ørberg's impeccable Latinity, humorous stories, and the Peer Lauritzen illustrations make this work a classic. The book includes a table of inflections, a Roman calendar, and a word index, index vocabulorum.
Lingua Latina incorporates the following features:
- The most comprehensive treatment of Latin grammar available in an elementary textbook.
- A vocabulary of almost 1,800 words, reinforced by constant and creatively phrased repetition, vastly expands the potential for later ...
