---
book_id: B00466Z4JQ
full_title: 'Comebacks at Work: Using Conversation to Master Confrontation'
title: Comebacks at Work
subtitle: Using Conversation to Master Confrontation
asin: B00466Z4JQ
length: '26615000'
owned: 'true'
type: audiobook
format: Audiobook
listening:
  duration: 21291.0
  first_time: '2021-06-28'
  last_time: '2021-08-03'
link: https://www.audible.com/pd/B00466Z4JQ
source: Audible
purchase_date: '2021-06-28'
listening_date: '2021-06-28'
topics:
- Career Success
- Communication & Social Skills
authors:
- Kathleen Reardon
- Christopher T. Noblet
narrators:
- Susan Ericksen
publisher: HarperAudio
date_published: '2010-10-12'
language:
- English
rating:
  rating: 3.858108108108108
  count: 148
duration: PT7H23M
cover_filename: B00466Z4JQ.jpg
read_status:
  start: true
  finish: true
  like: true
theme: psychology
recommendation_status: null
---
Here is the workplace guide to putting "I wish I'd said" moments in the past.
Ever wish that you could have a "do over" after a conversation at work? Do you often find yourself regretting what you've said to a coworker - or kicking yourself for not saying something better, stronger, or more precise? If so, you're like most people, and in Comebacks at Work, management professor and consultant Kathleen Kelley Reardon, Ph.D., provides the tips and tools you need to know what to say - and how to say it better - next time.
In this compelling, entertaining book, Reardon argues that we are responsible for 75 percent of the way we're treated at work, and our success - or failure - at the workplace depends largely on how we handle ourselves in conversation with our colleagues. To break free of the stale scripts and expected actions that allow politically astute people to manipulate us, we must increase our conversational awareness and effectively employ what Reardon calls "comebacks".
Comebacks at Work provides a game plan for doing so and explains:
Why some comebacks work, while others fall flat  Why our mind goes blank when we are confronted, and how to overcome that response  How to determine which comebacks work, and when to use them  Every conversation is different, and while many situations are common, one set of comebacks isn't enough. Offering a personalized repertoire of comebacks and a plan for using them strategically as well as the skills you will need to package them for maximum effect, Comebacks at Work will prepare you for any difficult conversation that comes your way.
