---
book_id: B00M8U0CJ4
full_title: 'The Sense of Style: The Thinking Person''s Guide to Writing in the 21st
  Century'
title: The Sense of Style
subtitle: The Thinking Person's Guide to Writing in the 21st Century
link: https://www.audible.com/pd/The-Sense-of-Style-Audiobook/B00M8U0CJ4
author: Steven Pinker
narrator: Arthur Morey
cover_url: My%20Library%20Audible.com-1_files/41u07KGQq+L._SL500_.jpg
cover_filename: B00M8U0CJ4.jpg
source: Audible
book_type: audiobook
asin: B00M8U0CJ4
format: Audiobook
topics:
- Words, Language & Grammar
- Communication & Social Skills
- Writing Style
authors:
- Steven Pinker
narrators:
- Arthur Morey
publisher: Penguin Audio
date_published: '2014-09-30'
language:
- English
rating:
  rating: 4.443254817987152
  count: 467
duration: 45480000
type: audiobook
multiple_formats:
  book: '9780143127796'
  audiobook: B00M8U0CJ4
theme: writing
length: 45480000
purchase_date: '2023-06-04'
---
A short and entertaining book on the modern art of writing well by New York Times best-selling author Steven Pinker.
Why is so much writing so bad, and how can we make it better? Is the English language being corrupted by texting and social media? Do the kids today even care about good writing? Why should any of us care?
In The Sense of Style, the best-selling linguist and cognitive scientist Steven Pinker answers these questions and more. Rethinking the usage guide for the 21st century, Pinker doesn’t carp about the decline of language or recycle pet peeves from the rulebooks of a century ago. Instead, he applies insights from the sciences of language and mind to the challenge of crafting clear, coherent, and stylish prose.
In this short, cheerful, and eminently practical book, Pinker shows how writing depends on imagination, empathy, coherence, grammatical knowhow, and an ability to savor and reverse engineer the good prose of others. He replaces dogma about usage with reason and evidence, allowing writers and editors to apply the guidelines judiciously, rather than robotically, being mindful of what they are designed to accomplish.
Filled with examples of great and gruesome prose, Pinker shows us how the art of writing can be a form of pleasurable mastery and a fascinating intellectual topic in its own right.
PLEASE NOTE: When you purchase this title, the accompanying PDF will be available in your Audible Library along with the audio.
