---
book_id: B00XUTQ692
full_title: 'You''re Never Weird on the Internet (Almost): A Memoir'
title: You're Never Weird on the Internet (Almost)
subtitle: A Memoir
asin: B00XUTQ692
link: https://www.audible.com/pd/Youre-Never-Weird-on-the-Internet-Almost-Audiobook/B00XUTQ692
author: Felicia Day
narrator: Felicia Day
cover_url: My%20Library%20Audible.com_files/512u3VcEQtL._SL500_.jpg
cover_filename: B00XUTQ692.jpg
source: Audible
type: audiobook
format: Audiobook
topics:
- Entertainment & Celebrities
- Science & Technology
- Women
authors:
- Felicia Day
narrators:
- Felicia Day
- Joss Whedon - foreword
publisher: Simon & Schuster Audio
date_published: '2015-08-11'
language:
- English
rating:
  rating: 4.719735720375106
  count: 9384
duration: 24840000
length: 24840000
location: New York
read_status:
  start: true
  finish: true
  like: true
  recommend: true
theme: making
purchase_date: '2023-12-13'
---
In the tradition of #Girlboss and Mindy Kaling's Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?, a funny, quirky, and inspiring memoir from online entertainment mogul, actress, and "queen of the geeks" Felicia Day about her unusual upbringing, her rise to Internet stardom, and embracing her individuality to find success in Hollywood.
The Internet isn't all cat videos - almost.
There's also Felicia Day - violinist, filmmaker, Internet entrepreneur, compulsive gamer, hoagie specialist, and former lonely homeschooled girl who overcame her isolated childhood to become the ruler of a new world - or at least the world of Internet-geek fame and Goodreads book clubs.
Growing up in the South, where she was homeschooled for hippie reasons, Felicia moved to Hollywood to pursue her dream of becoming an actress and was immediately typecast as a crazy cat-lady secretary. But Felicia's misadventures in Hollywood led her to produce her own web series, own her own production company, and become an instant Internet star.
Felcia's shortish life and her rags-to-riches rise to Internet fame launched her career as one of the most influential creators in new media. Now Felicia's strange life is filled with thoughts on creativity, video games, and a dash of mild feminist activism - just like her memoir.
Hilarious and inspirational, You're Never Weird on the Internet (Almost) is proof that everyone should embrace what makes them different and be brave enough to share it with the world, because anything is possible now - even for a digital misfit.
