---
book_id: B07L39ZZ2Q
full_title: 'Every Tool''s a Hammer: Lessons from a Lifetime of Making'
title: Every Tool's a Hammer
subtitle: Lessons from a Lifetime of Making
asin: B07L39ZZ2Q
link: https://www.audible.com/pd/Every-Tools-a-Hammer-Audiobook/B07L39ZZ2Q
author: Adam Savage
narrator: Adam Savage
cover_url: My%20Library%20Audible.com_files/51YFlbefJIL._SL500_.jpg
cover_filename: B07L39ZZ2Q.jpg
source: Audible
type: audiobook
format: Audiobook
topics:
- Science & Technology
- Career Success
- Entrepreneurship
- Creativity
- Personal Success
- Science
authors:
- Adam Savage
narrators:
- Adam Savage
publisher: Simon & Schuster Audio
date_published: '2019-05-07'
language:
- English
rating:
  rating: 4.77897447904472
  count: 4271
duration: 28320000
length: 28320000
multiple_formats:
  book: '9781982113476'
  audiobook: B07L39ZZ2Q
theme: making
signed: true
signature_details: the author
first_edition: true
first_edition_details: american
purchase_date: '2023-12-05'
---
In this New York Times best-selling “imperative how-to for creativity” (Nick Offerman), Adam Savage - star of Discovery Channel’s Mythbusters - shares his golden rules of creativity, from finding inspiration to following through and successfully making your idea a reality.
Every Tool’s a Hammer is a chronicle of my life as a maker. It’s an exploration of making, but it’s also a permission slip of sorts from me to you. Permission to grab hold of the things you’re interested in, that fascinate you, and to dive deeper into them to see where they lead you. Through stories from 40-plus years of making and molding, building and break­ing, along with the lessons I learned along the way, this book is meant to be a toolbox of problem solving, complete with a shop’s worth of notes on the tools, techniques, and materials that I use most often. Things like:
In Every Tool There Is a Hammer - don’t wait until everything is perfect to begin a project, and if you don’t have the exact right tool for a task, just use whatever’s handy;  Increase Your Loose Tolerance - making is messy and filled with screwups, but that’s okay, as creativity is a path with twists and turns and not a straight line to be found;  Use More Cooling Fluid - it prolongs the life of blades and bits, and it prevents tool failure, but beyond that it’s a reminder to slow down and reduce the fric­tion in your work and relationships;  Screw Before You Glue - mechanical fasteners allow you to change and modify a project; glue is forever, but sometimes you just need the right glue, so I dig into which ones will do the job with the least harm and best effects.  This toolbox also includes lessons from many other incredible makers and creators, including: Jamie Hyneman, Nick Offerman, Pixar director Andrew Stanton, Oscar-winner Guillermo del Toro, artist Tom Sachs, and Chef Traci Des Jardins. And if everything goes well, we will hopefully save you a few mistakes (and maybe fingers) as well as help you turn your curiosities into creations. I hope this book serves as “creative rocket fuel” (Ed Helms) to build, make, invent, explore, and - most of all - enjoy the thrills of being a creator.
PLEASE NOTE: When you purchase this title, the accompanying PDF will be available in your Audible Library along with the audio.
