---
book_id: B086WP794Z
full_title: The Sandman
title: The Sandman
link: https://www.audible.com/pd/The-Sandman-Audiobook/B086WP794Z
author: Neil Gaiman
narrator: Riz Ahmed
cover_url: My%20Library%20Audible.com-1_files/61CEI+8TpdL._SL500_.jpg
cover_filename: B086WP794Z.jpg
source: Audible
book_type: audiobook
asin: B086WP794Z
format: Performance
topics:
- Fantasy
- Epic
authors:
- Neil Gaiman
- Dirk Maggs
narrators:
- Riz Ahmed
- Kat Dennings
- Taron Egerton
- Neil Gaiman
- James McAvoy
- Samantha Morton
- Bebe Neuwirth
- Andy Serkis
- Michael Sheen
publisher: Audible Originals
date_published: '2020-07-15'
language:
- English
rating:
  rating: 4.643862174872829
  count: 52095
duration: 40380000
type: audiobook
theme: graphic novels
length: 40380000
purchase_date: '2023-10-05'
---
Please note: This content is not for kids. It is for mature audiences only. Just like the original graphic novels, this audio adaptation contains explicit language and graphic violence, as well as strong sexual content and themes. Discretion is advised.
Hailed by the Los Angeles Times Magazine as “the greatest epic in the history of comic books”, The Sandman changed the game with its dark, literary world of fantasy and horror - creating a global, cultural phenomenon in the process. At long last, Audible and DC present the first-ever audio production of the New York Times best-selling series written by acclaimed storyteller Neil Gaiman (who also serves as co-executive producer). Adapted and directed by multi-award-winner (and frequent Gaiman collaborator) Dirk Maggs, and performed by an ensemble cast with James McAvoy (It, Parts One and Two, X-Men: First Class, Split) in the title role, this first installment of a multi-part original audio series will transport you to a world that re-writes the rules of audio entertainment the way that The Sandman originally re-defined the graphic novel.
When The Sandman, also known as Lord Morpheus - the immortal king of dreams, stories and the imagination - is pulled from his realm and imprisoned on Earth by a nefarious cult, he languishes for decades before finally escaping. Once free, he must retrieve the three “tools” that will restore his power and help him to rebuild his dominion, which has deteriorated in his absence. As the multi-threaded story unspools, The Sandman descends into Hell to confront Lucifer (Michael Sheen), chases rogue nightmares who have escaped his realm, and crosses paths with an array of characters from DC comic books, ancient myths, and real-world history, including: Inmates of Gotham City's Arkham Asylum, Doctor Destiny, the muse Calliope, the three Fates, William Shakespeare (Arthur Darvill), and many more.
A powerhouse supporting cast helps translate this masterwork into a sonic experience worthy of its legacy, including Riz Ahmed, Kat Dennings, Taron Egerton, Samantha Morton, Bebe Neuwirth, Andy Serkis, and more. Setting the stage for their performance is an unprecedented cinematic soundscape featuring an original musical score by British Academy Award winner James Hannigan. Fans will especially revel in a new twist for the audio adaptation: Neil Gaiman himself serves as the narrator. Follow him as he leads listeners along a winding path of myths, imagination and, often, terror. Even in your wildest dreams, you’ve never heard anything like this.
